Please check the resources section of this lecture.
There is a PDF download available.
In this lecture, we are going to create a WordPress site using WP CLIA.
There are three steps to create a WordPress site using the WordPress command line interface.
The first step is to download the latest version of WordPress from WordPress dot org.
The command is WP Core Download.
The second step is to create the WP config file.
WP Core Config database name database.
User database password database prefix.
What's most important, do not use WP underscore as the database prefix as with our database name,
username and password.
Use random characters when typing the commands.
Make note of double hyphen db name equals database name.
There is no space after the two hyphens and to the left or right of the equals sign double hyphen db
name equals you.
Then add the name of the database that you created using Maraire DB.
The same with the database user and the database password.
Do not use WP underscore as the database prefix.
The third and final step is to actually install WordPress.
You have five variables that you need to provide information for.
The admin email is the site owners email address admin user.
That is the WordPress administrative username as well as the administrative password.
The title, if it's more than one word, enclose the title in two apostrophes.
The are you have two choices http colon slash slash domain or htp colon slash slash w w w dot followed
by the domain name.
When we created our sites server block server name we added in my case with my domain name, WPEC allai
dot com and w w w dot wp Seelie dot com.
When installing your WordPress site, decide how you want your site to be displayed.
Do you want it to redirect, for example, if somebody types in domain dot com, do you want just domain
dot com to be displayed in the browser's address bar or do you want a redirect to w w w dot domain dot
com.
Decide how you want your site to be displayed.
You can combine the steps, WP core download double ampersand, WPK or config after config.
You need to provide the database name the database user then the double ampersand WP core install,
followed by the variables related to the core install.
Installing a secure WordPress site will look like this.
They are the commands WP Core Download all on its own WP core config database, name database, user
database pass all randomly generated the database prefix randomly generated you r-al.
I'll use the w w w the title enclosed in apostrophes admin user.
Look at the admin user.
It's not admin, it's not your name.
It's randomly generated the same with the password.
The admin email is simply queries at the domain name.
As I've mentioned before, you can combine these commands, WPK or download.
There are no variables to type after download lever space double ampersand WP core config double hyphen
db name equals database name the same for the user.
The password and the prefix double ampersand WP call instore double hyphen u rl equals http w w w dot
followed by the rest of the options that you need to supply.
There are no configuration files for us to edit in this lecture.